Update attributes sync on JWT (#29602)
metabase/metabase: docs/people-and-groups/authenticating-with-jwt.md

- **First Name attribute:** the key to retrieve each JWT user's first name.
- **Last Name attribute:** if you guessed that this is the key to retrieve each JWT user's last name, well then you have been paying attention.

> User attributes can also be sent programatically on the JWT, by adding new keys and values, other than the 3 above, to Metabase. These attributes will be synced on every login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send additional user attributes to Metabase by adding the attributes as key/value pairs to your JWT. These attributes will be synced on every login.
```
